# Summary
Document number: ECE150-PROB-01-01-001

Problem title: Console Input-Output Form

# Assessment Objectives
1. Use a text editor (e.g., Notepad++) to edit source code.  
2. Use the g++ compiler to compile C/C++ source code.
3. Make basic edits to an existing program to create a new program.

# Problem Description
Your first graded task is to write a C++ program that can perform basic input-output operations in the command-line prompt. Your program should prompt the user to input their first name, date of birth, phone number, email address, city, province/state, and country. Your program should then re-print the entered information to the screen.

If you have written your source code correctly, your screen output should look like the following for a given person named John who is born on January 1, 1997, with student ID 8884567 and email address john@doe.com, coming from Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.  

  First Name: John  
  Date of birth (mmddyy): 010197  
  Student number: 8884567  
  Email address: john@doe.com  
  City: Waterloo  
  Province/state: Ontario  
  Country: Canada  
  Thank you! sign-up is complete!

  This is your sign-up receipt:  
  FIRST NAME: John  
  DATE OF BIRTH (MMDDYY): 10197  
  STUDENT NUMBER: 8884567  
  EMAIL ADDRESS: john@doe.com  
  CITY: Waterloo  
  PROVINCE/STATE: Ontario  
  COUNTRY: Canada  

Here are a few rules that you are kindly asked to follow in writing this C++ program:  
* You need to store the first name, email address, city, province/state, and country in char arrays, and the user should be able to enter at most 20 characters without spaces in these fields.  
* You should store the student number in a long variable, and the date of birth in an int variable, and the user should be able to input integer values in them.  
* You are NOT permitted to use the word string in your program for any purpose. If you do, your program will automatically fail all other test cases.

## Submission
You should submit the result of this exercise to the project 150-0-basicio. Your submission file must be named BasicIO.cpp.

# Usage History
<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Institution </th>
    <th> Course </th>
    <th> Term/Date </th>
    <th> Use </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Univ of Waterloo </th>
    <td> ECE 150 </th>
    <td> 2016 Fall </th>
    <td> Assignment 0 </th>
  </th>
</table>

# Lessons Learned

# Revision History
<table>
  <tr>
    <th> Date </th>
    <th> Author </th>
    <th> Description </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Dec 27, 2016 </td>
    <td> David Lau </td>
    <td> Initial transfer of document to template. </td>
  </tr>
</table>
